<x-flowed>
John:
For future reference, I think its also important to clarify for you what 
the Dahl-Jensen, Clow et al borehole results actually show (see Dahl-Jensen 
et al, "Past Temperatures Directly from the Greenland Ice Sheet", Science, 
282, October 1998).
In fact, the results show that the amplitude of variability over the past 
1000+ years differs by a factor of 2 between the GRIP and Dye 3 borehole 
estimates (the latter only 865 km to the south). This is an example of 
extreme regional-scale variability, which should give pause to those who 
want to draw large-scale inferences.
However, even more importantly, they show in the case of Dye 3, the mid 
20th century warm period in the record actually exceeds the Medieval warm 
peak! (see Fig 4, lower panel, blue curve). So here we have two temperature 
histories less than 1000 km apart in Greenland, which give different 
stories regarding the level of Medieval warmth, with at least one of the 
histories conforming precisely to the hemispheric trends presented in IPCC 
chapter 2 (note that in the chapter, we actually discuss the evidence of 
conflicting temperature trends in Greenland, though not specifically 
referring to Dahl-Jensen et al).
So do I understand  correctly that you are referring to the results of 
Dahl-Jensen et al as conflicting with what we say in the chapter? At the 
face of it, this argument has no merit whatsoever. I think we should all 
use a better explanation from you, since you seem to be arguing publically 
that the Dahl-Jensen et al record undermines what we've said in the chapter.
Thanks in advance,
mike
p.s. I've cc'd in Eric Steig, a collaborator of Clow's and a Greenland & 
Antarctic Ice Core expert, to make sure my facts above have been presented 
accurately. Perhaps Eric woudl be kind enough to forward my email to Gary 
Clow, and Gary can let us know directly if he disagrees with any of my 
remarks above.
