<x-flowed>
Hi Keith,
Nice to hear from you, and sorry to hear about your mother.
Contrary to what I heard a few days ago, I received yesterday the  
invitation to the Scoping meeting in July and look forward to be  
joining Peck in providing the paleo-input to the scoping of the report.
On the issue of a separate chapter I agree that this option is most  
practical, yet I dont think there is solid support for that avenue,  
and fear that it will not be pursued. This means that there is a  
danger that  single paleo-persons distributed into the chapters might  
become marginalised, and would need som x-chapter support an time to  
deal with the issues, and also to provide enough breadth of  knowledge  
about paleo-litterature to be assessed. The Plan B option would  
require that there is a mechanism that pulls together the combined  
paleo-competence amongst the LAs during the writing of AR5.
I think there will be a strong emphasis in AR5 on regional changes,  
and on climate predictions. Predictions need a strong basis in  
knowledge about natural modes of variability and the interplay between  
natural and man made changes on the regional scale, areas where the  
paleo perspectives are clearly needed and contribute. I think many new  
results are emerging, and we need to be on top of this to make the  
case in Venice.
It would be great if you could, within the next week preferably, send  
us a list of what new results you think will be good to use for the  
scoping.
Cheers
Eystein
Den 21. mai. 2009 kl. 18.36 skrev Jonathan Overpeck:
