<x-flowed>
Malcolm seems to have done a good job sorting out these constituent sets , 
and I don't have anything to add other than agreeing that as a general 
principal , where possible, original chronologies should be used in 
preference to reconstructed temperature series ( the latter having been 
already optimized using simple or multiple regression to fit the target 
temperature series ). This applies not only to our western US 
reconstructions (which it should be stressed are based on very flexible 
curve fitting in the standardisation - and inevitably can show little 
variance on time scales longer than a decade or so) but also to the 
Tornetrask and Polar Urals reconstructions (each of which was based on ring 
width and density data , but standardised to try to preserve centennial 
variability - though the density series had by far the largest regression 
coefficients). There is though a question regarding the PCs of the Siberian 
network (presumably provided by Eugene?) . The correlation between density 
and ring width can get high in central and eastern parts of the network , 
so even though these are different variables , it might not be strictly 
true to think of them as truly independent (statistically) of the density 
chronologies we use from the Schweingruber network ( there may also  be a 
standardisation issue here , as the density chronologies were standardised 
with Hugershoff functions for our initial network work (as reported in the 
Holocene Special Issue) whereas your PC amplitudes may be based on 
"Corridor Standardisation" - which likely preserves less  low frequency? ) .
These remarks are simply for clarification and discussion , and I too will 
wait on your response draft , though I would throw in the pot the fact that 
omitting the time dependent stuff would simplify the message at his stage.
cheers
Keith
