<x-flowed>
Hi Eystein, Keith and Tim - this seems odd to me, 
given that the N hem data must completely 
dominate his global recon. BUT, since the data 
and recon are his, and our job is to assess what 
is published, we don't have much choice. We have 
three options (or more if you can think of them):
option 1) forget about his recon. Although I 
sense that there might be some interest in this, 
we must include his study/data/fig
option 2) we could make a separate fig to 
highlight just his global recon, perhaps compared 
to the global borehole recon. We are dying for 
space, so I suspect this option isn't ideal 
either. Expert review of the SOD might suggest 
it, but in the meantime, I suggest we try to get 
away with...
option 3) we include it in the big recon plot, 
and just make it clear in the caption (and table 
that goes with the caption if you're going with 
the table idea) that the Oerleman's curve, though 
labeled global in the original paper, appears to 
be representative of (or weighted mostly by, or 
?) glaciers in the Northern Hemisphere (per his 
Fig 3a). I think we should leave it to Keith and 
Tim to figure out the best language, but I think 
this will work. Could be done as a footnote to 
the table instead of the caption.
Make sense? thanks, Peck
