<x-flowed>
thanks Phil,
I did take the liberty of discussing w/ Gavin, who can of course be 
trusted to maintain the confidentiality of this. We're in agreement that 
Keenan has wandered his way into dangerous territory here, and that in 
its current form this is clearly libellous; there is not even a pretense 
that he is only investigating the evidence. Furthermore, while many of 
us fall under the category of 'limited public figures' and therefore the 
threshold for proving libel is quite high, this is *not* the case for 
Wei-Chyung. He is not a public figure. I believe they have made a major 
miscalculation here in treating him as if he is. In the UK, where E&E is 
published, the threshold is even lower than it is in the states for 
proving libel. We both think he should seek legal advice on this, as 
soon as possible.
With respect to Peiser's guest editing of E&E and your review, following 
up on Kevin's suggestions, we think there are two key points. First, if 
there are factual errors (other than the fraud allegation) it is very 
important that you point them out now. If not, Keenan could later allege 
that he made the claims in good faith, as he provided you an opportunity 
to respond and you did now. Secondly, we think you need to also focus on 
the legal implications. In particular, you should  mention that the 
publisher of a libel is also liable for damages - that might make Sonja 
B-C be a little wary. Of course, if it does get published, maybe the 
resulting settlement would shut down E&E and Benny and Sonja all 
together! We can only hope, anyway. So maybe in an odd way its actually 
win-win for us, not them. Lets see how this plays out...
RealClimate is of course always available to you as an outlet, if it 
seems an appropriate venue. But we should be careful not to jump the gun 
here.
Kevin: very sorry to hear about Dennis. Please pass along my best wishes 
for a speedy recovery if and when it seems appropriate to do so...
Mike
