<x-flowed>
Hi Stefan and team - great. David Rind is getting the solar forcing 
series de jour (latest Lean). I expect Keith back on line soon, and 
then he can help us figure out what type of simulation(s) we'd like, 
and what other forcings we ought to use. My take is that it would be 
good to use the same forcing used in the runs currently in Fig 6.10 
(or at least the "best" of those runs - subjective, I'm sure, and all 
with the old larger amplitude Lean solar), but with the new reduced 
amplitude forcing.
Fig 6.10 currently has the Bauer et al, 2003 run w/ CLIMBER - is it 
CLIMBER2? Could/should we just re-run with the new solar in place of 
the old solar (I don't have the paper here - was the solar used 
scaled to Lean?).
I'll cc this to the entire team, as there might be other ideas on how 
to do this - I think we would want two simulations over the last 400 
years. One w/ the old Lean solar, one with the new. If we could use 
one of the existing plotted runs as the "old Lean" run, then we only 
need one new run. The idea is to show what difference TAR solar (old 
Lean) vs. AR4 solar (new Lean) means.
So, lets see what Keith and others say, and then line things up to 
get the run done. If we can do it w/ CLIMBER, great. If we need to 
involve another EMIC (assuming we're not going to get a AOGCM run 
done in less than a month), then we need to line that up. Whatever 
model we use, it should be one already in use by the AR4, so we don't 
have to worry about the results being published - just the model. 
Make sense?
Thanks again for the quick reply. Best, Peck
