Martin
in response to Nadia's message and our talk - consider the following as regards title and
objectives
Title
The precedence of Ecological  Responses to 20th Century Climate changes in Arctic Lakes and
Trees
Suggested Objectives
We will quantify how the changes in 20th century Arctic climate (including mean and
variability) are reflected in recent and past lake sediment records. We will determine the
response of lake ecosystem  parameters and the relationships with specific climatic
controls.
We will define the character of variability in different natural archives contained in
dated sediments reaching back over 2000 years. We will generate well-calibrated ,
high-resolution (decadal to centennial time scales) estimates of past summer climate
variability over this time in western Arctic Siberia.
We will compare the lake sediment data with evidence of tree-growth and associated summer
climate changes , based on selected updating of an extensive, existing network of
chronologies, including long sub-fossil series extending back more than 4000 years in Yamal
and Taimyr. These  data (with perfect inter-annual dating accuracy) will be reprocessed to
provide summer temperatures specifically representative of annual, decadal and centennial
timescales.
We will determine (for the first time) the extent to which the independent proxy-based
summer climate  histories concur or disagree and explore the extent to which they
demonstrate the precedence of  recent (20th century ) climate trends  in a multi-millennial
context. By comparing this evidence with the output of state-of-the-art GCM experiments ,
simulating climate changes in the Arctic over the last 500 to 1000 years, we will explore
the degree to which recent changes in Arctic lakes (and tree-growth rates) are attributable
to anthropogenic as opposed to natural climate changes.
