I think I stated that we wouldn't be doing any writing
assignments because the petition was so important.
This is true, but a need for letters also came up.
There was an ugly article in the Tampa Tribune today
about Scientology. Basically it was criticising our
growth, which is what you'd expect the SPs to be upset
about.
The best thing to do in such a situation is to
flourish and prosper. So that's what we're going to
do.
I need letters but I'll have to get them qualed first.
The subject should point out that you are a
Scientologist, you love being in Scientology and a win
or two about being a Scientologist. Use real examples
and be totally honest.
DO NOT READ THE ARTICLE FROM THE TRIB. SITE. I'm told
that it has some squirrelly data that would not be
good for us to read. I do have a scanned version,
omitting the rough stuff, that can be emailed as an
attachment. If you need to read it, let me know and
I'll send it as an attachment.
If I were you I would just write your letter as above
and don't worry about what the article says. It's just
entheta and you're not going to Q and A with it
anyway.
So, please write your letters and send to me for qual.
Best,
Doyle
