<x-flowed>
Hi Henry - thanks for the email. Just earlier 
today, Eystein and I were soliciting approval 
from our team on how to best get feedback from 
chapter authors - Lead Authors and Contributing 
Authors alike. Since we're all authors, it isn't 
appropriate to comment officially as expert 
reviewers, but rather to work as a team to take 
expert reviews - AND chapter 6 author feedback - 
and use them to create a better finalo draft. One 
key, as promised earlier, is to have a process 
that makes sure we get all comments and are able 
to respond to them. The other key is that we 
ensure time to allow the needed debate. Eystein 
and I are going to ask LAs (including Keith) to 
do there work sooner in the draft cycle than 
before so that we have the time for this.
So... I would suggest you keep these comments in 
a safe place for a bit longer, and then send them 
in to the Eystein and I when we ask (should be in 
the next week). Note that the current draft has 
only officially been available for a bit over a 
week (indeed, I didn't see it until today since 
the IPCC TSU had to check for all sorts of things 
after we submitted it over a month ago), and we 
won't be working on the new draft until June. So 
we have time to be thoughtful and complete in the 
feedback gathering process.
Is this ok? Seems more suitable than giving 
review via the gov process on your own work (you 
are an author of our chapter).
Also, I can anticipate one thing that is going to 
come up again, and that I don't think we had your 
feedback on (nor Keith's). What about the 
borehole recons that you and colleagues have done 
extending back beyond the last couple centuries. 
I don't have my paper pdf collection here, but I 
believe you have some recons going back many 
centuries. Does this need more attention in the 
chapter?
Thanks for being proactive and quick to send 
feedback. We'll be sending our email to all CA's 
soon, if you're willing to wait a couple more 
days.
Thanks, peck
