<x-flowed>
Hi Henry (and Keith) - thanks for the quick 
effort! Regarding your comments, here's some 
feedback - it's good Keith beat me too it.
1. For Fig. 6.9b, there is a new version that 
resulted in lots of discussion at our last 
meeting. Keith can elaborate when he has time 
(we're pushing him real hard now for the SOD 
text), but we agree the caption has to be clear.
2. I'm worried about your discussion of southern 
hemisphere records, and trust Keith will get it 
right. Too bad your paper isn't in press too - it 
would be nice to include.
3. Hope you can help Keith with uncertainty 
prose. We are over length and hence we can't have 
more figures (e.g., with confidence intervals 
shown for all data). Please help him work it into 
the SOD text.
4. It is unclear if we'll have time for review of 
the whole chapter, but I'm still hoping Keith 
will send you all of Section 6.6 to look at. That 
assumes he has it done today or very soon at 
least. The more people that can look at text the 
better, but we also have to get the draft done - 
it can then be reviewed, and we will make sure 
CAs get to review in a more timely fashion this 
time.
Thanks again, Peck
