<x-flowed>
Hi  Eyestein,
Thanks for your comments. With respect to the 
suggested changes in paragraphs 1,2 and 4, they 
seem fine to me. However, I think we need to 
include in paragraph 5 potential reasons as to 
why the substantial (and not just significant) 
high latitude warming that appears in the 
mid-Pliocene record is not produced in GCMs in 
response to higher CO2, in general - otherwise we 
leave the reader with a big question and no 
possible solution. The tendency of GCM 
simulations for the future climate to produce an 
NADW decrease forces those simulations to have 
minimal high latitude warming in the North 
Atlantic, exactly opposite the inference from the 
Pliocene paleo-record (which is quite robust in 
this respect at least). If the Pliocene record is 
indicating the opposite of what current models 
are predicting, it may be offering us a valuable 
clue...
The suggested reasons also include the comment 
that the lack of land ice at high northern 
latitudes might be a strong contributing cause - 
which would make it a no-analog situation, and 
hence not fully a GCM problem.
I would favor leaving those two sentences as they were.
David
