Dear Ben,
Thank you for this detailed update of your work. A few thoughts for 
your consideration ...
Where to submit this:  Although I understand your and Phil's 
reluctance to try IJC, it seems to me that, despite the new work 
presented, this is really a comment on Douglass et al. and so rightly 
belongs in IJC.  If you suspect the review and publication process 
there is unacceptably long, perhaps this should be confirmed by 
inquiring with the editor, as a professional courtesy.  Decide in 
advance what you'd consider a reasonable turn-around time, and if the 
editor says it will take longer, going with another journal makes 
sense.  
Figures:  They look great.  As usual, you've done a super job telling 
the story in pictures.  One suggestion would be to indicate in Fig. 3 
which test, or trio of tests, is the most appropriate. Now it is shown 
as the blue curves, but I'd suggest making these black (and the black 
ones blue) and thicker than the rest.  That way those readers who just 
skim the paper and look at the figures will get the message quickly.
Observations: Have you considered including results from HadAT and 
RATPAC as well as RAOBCOR?  For even greater completeness, a version 
of RATPAC pared down based on the results of Randel and Wu could be 
added, as could Steve Sherwood's adjusted radiosonde data.  I'd 
suggest adding results from these datasets to your Fig. 1, not the 
planned Fig 4, which I gather is meant to show the differences in 
versions of RAOBCOR and the impact of Douglass et al.'s choice to use 
and early version.
With best wishes,
Dian
