<x-rich>Dear All,
First, I'd be willing to handle the data and the plotting/mapping.
Second, regarding Mike's suggestions, if we use different reference
periods for the reconstructions and the models we need to be extremely
careful about the differences. Not having seen what this will look
like, I suggest that we start with the same instrumental reference
period for both (1856-1960). If you are willing to send me your series
please send the raw (i.e. unfiltered) series. That way I can treat
them all the same. We can then decide how we want to display the
results.
Finally, Tom's suggestion of Eos struck me as a great way to get a
short, pointed story out to the most people (though I have no feel for
the international distribution).  My sense (being relatively new to
this field compared to everyone else) is that within the neo- and
mesoclimate research community there is a (relatively small?) group of
people who don't or won't "get it" and there is nothing we can do
about them aside from continuing to publish quality work in quality
journals (or calling in a Mafia hit).  Those (e.g. us) who are
engrossed in the issues and are aware of all the literature should be
able to distinguish between well done and poor work.  Should then the
intent of this proposed contribution be to education those who are not
directly involved in MWP/LIA issues including those both on the
perifery of the issue as well as those outside? If so, then the issue
that Phil raised about not letting it get buried is significant and I
think Eos is a great way to get people to see it.
Cheers,
Scott
