<x-flowed>
Hi Phil,
This is all too predictable. This crowd of charlatans is always looking 
for one thing they can harp on, where people w/ little knowledge of the 
facts might be able to be convinced that there is a controversy.  They 
can't take on the whole of the science, so they look for one little 
thing they can say is wrong, and thus generalize that the science is 
entirely compromised. Of course, as nicely shown in the SPM, every 
landmass is independently warming, and much as the models predict. So 
they can harp all they want on one Chinese data set, it couldn't 
possibly change the big picture (let alone even the trends for China). The
So they are simply hoping to blow this up to something that looks like a 
legitimate controversy. The last thing you want to do is help them by 
feeding the fire.  Best thing is to ignore them completely. They no 
longer have their friends in power here in the U.S., and the media has 
become entirely unsympathetic to the rants of the contrarians at least 
in the U.S.--the Wall Street Journal editorial page are about the only 
place they can broadcast their disinformation. So in other words, for 
contrarians the environment appears to have become very unfavorable for 
development. I would advise Wang the same way. Keenan may or may not be 
bluffing, but if he tries this I believe that British law would make it 
easy for Wang to win a defamation suit against him (the burden is much 
tougher in the states),
mike
