<x-flowed>
Hi Keith and Co - I think David likes a good debates, so the main 
thing is to consider his comments and respond appropriately. Although 
the first priority has to be on the ZOD text and display items, maybe 
you can go back over his comments AFTER the looming deadline and 
further discuss things with David and others. For now, just work away.
The biggest issue is how to handle forcing and simulations - i.e., 
where to put different pieces in the chapter. Eystein and I will help 
the team work through this. More soon, but for now just proceed as 
you have been proceeding. There is real merit to the concept that 
your section is about how climate varied over the last 2ka, and what 
caused these variations. The flip side is that we need to get a clear 
vision of how this differs from what goes into the other sections. 
Eystein and I will work more on this asap.
Your plan re: glaciers is good. That's a tough one, but it has to be 
boiled WAY down. Moreover, my gut is to focus on the extent to which 
these complicated natural archives (e.g., complicated by ppt change) 
support or do not support the other proxy evidence/conclusions. This 
is why I was thinking we might think about a box, and to include the 
Lonnie perspective in it - e.g., glaciers are now melting everywhere 
(almost - we know why they are not in those places) in a manner 
unprecedented in the last xxxx years. Make sense? See what Olga says, 
and if needbe, I can help focus that stuff more.
Thanks! Peck
